Pierre Vogel (Official)           last stoppage










Amen to you as well t)
Amin euch auch
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110g
I just looked at the app and I am very satisfied with it I only noticed that there are no contents in the
library.
Ich habe mir gerade die App angeschaut bin sehr zufrieden damit ich habe nur gesehen in der
Bibliothek Abt es keine Inhalte
ZA Automatic translation
IlonelIOg
Please be so kind as I have been allowed to take the content from the Islam House website. Please
categorize it, format it correctly for reading. and it properly.
Ich möchte bitte seien Sie so nett da mir erlaubt wurde die Inhalte aus der Website Islam House
zu nehmen das Sie bitte diese nehmen Kategorisieren ins richtjge Format bringen zum lesen und
bitte richtig einordnen
A Automatic translation
Ilone110C


And regarding the Quran, I saw that you turned on the internet, and only then could the recitations
be heard, so I just wanted to ask if the Quran can be listened to offline or if an internet connection is
needed because then we should not write 'Offline Quran' in the subscription.


Oh, and there's still a problem. I saw that the Quran costs money. I couldn't read Surah Al-Baqarah
because you need to be a premium member. The Quran should be free, and I still need to review the
premium subscription list because some points were mentioned that are actually free but are listed
under the paid subscription version. Inshallah, we need to correct this.


I have updated the Premium Supporter subscription list, it should say so please, and the Quran
should be fully readable for free, please
And unfortunately, I didn't find any results on Guidance or with any of the others •J
Und ich habe leider keine Ergebnisse bej Guidance gefunden und bei allen anderen auch :/




Peace be upon you, brother. I really thank you. Good job, no Stress. I wish you a pleasant weekend,
rest well. We will talk again, Inshallah, on Monday,)
Alejkum Selam Bruder ich danke euch wirklich Alte Arbeit keinen Stress ich wünsche euch ein
angenehmes Wochenende erholt euch gut wir reden dam Inshallah am Monatg wieder;)
automavc_translauon
none110gg
I will continue to review the app. and if I find any issues, I will simply send messages here so I don't
accidentally for*t them. You don't need to look at these rnessa*s; it's to review everything
on Monday. I Will just list the missing points, nothing more. I don't want to bother you. Have a nice
weekend e;
schaue rnjr dje App noch wetter an falls 'Ch jrænawelche punkte nnae senae jch mer
einfach Nachrichton damit ich es nicht viofloicht unabsjcht/ich verWsse sio brauchen die
Nachrichten nicht anzuschauen reicht am Montag ich fiste nur die fehlenden Punkte auf mehr
nicht ich möchte Sjeja nicht nerven schönes nochenende
AutomaVC translation
Ilonet10gg
Excellent work from all Of you L




Hello Rahul, I noticed something else. There is almost nothing in the Hadiths, and in the library, the
texts need to be longer, like on the Islamhouse website. The articles are unfortunately too short, so I
kindly ask you to take everything from Islamhouse. That's good because we now have the permission




Not just once and never again, please be able to collect repeatedly no matter how many times you
read the surah


I am looking at the interface of the app. I will send you a picture from my phone. It is hard to see and
operate. Please lift it up so that it iS above the black Samsung pet control at the bottom, so that the
black part Of Samsung does not interfere With the app. The green buttons Of the app should be on
top of it




And please, I cannot select my location; I am in Vienna and unfortunately cannot choose it. I kindly
ask you to change this so that the location can be selected, Inshallah.




I just wanted to inform you that I just opened the app and I didn't have internet, so I couldn't read the
Quran. Many surahs, almost all of them, didn't load. Please change this so that the Quran can be read
completely offline and without internet.




LIST


I. Please redesign the background, logo, and overall visual appearance Of Quran
International to make it more premium, elegant. and high-quality.
2. Add Offline Quran Audio so users can download and listen to the complete Quran
anytime without an internet connection.
3. Please fix the Hasanat Counter. It currently counts only once for a Surah. It should
continue counting every time the same Surah is read or recited, with no limit.
4. Please add the missing text elements in the Search section.
5. Please transfer all available content from the Knowledge Library website into the
app.
6. Please fix the Samsung interface issue. The Samsung navigation bar overlaps the
app. so the interface should be adjusted higher.
7. Please add the additional scholars I previously sent: (I) Pierre Vogel (2) One
Message Foundation.
8. Please fix the Times location selector. It is currently set to Bangladesh and
cannot be changed. I live in Vienna. Austria, and should be able to select my location.
9. Please update the Premium Supporter subscription benefits list. I will send the new
list later, in sha' Allah.
IO. Bookmarks are currently not working. Please fix this feature.
II. Please add significantly more Hadiths. At the moment, only a small number are
available.
12. Please allow users to download Islamic articles, Sheikh videos, and audio lectures
for offline access. Also. the Knowledge Library should be available only in the Premium
version, not in the free version.
13. IslamHouse provides a total of 169 books. Please add all of them to the app and
create a separate section within the Knowledge Library called 'Books'. Please also
update the Premium subscription description to include: 'Knowledge Library: 400+
Articles & 165+ Books'.




Premium Supporter (Full Version)
Unlock all premium features While supporting the development and growth Of Quran
International.
1. Full Tafsir Access
2. Hadith Collection
3.
Hasanat Counter
4. Offline Quran Audio (Recitations)
5. Unlimited Bookmark?
6.
Knowledge Library — Educational Resources
7, Ad-Free Experience (NO Ads)
8. Choose Your Own Subscription Amount - Support with any monthly arnount you
Wish.
9. Golden Month - Enjoy a I-Month Free Trial
IO. Stream & Download Islamic Videos and Audio Lectures from Trusted Scholars
11. Access to 160+ Islamic Books






Hello, Rahul
Selam alejkum Rahul
ZA Automatic translation
How Are you? :)
I test the app and i want to say that the Desiß'l is
Very High Quality Design well done great work
My Mother likes also very well she said looks very great
I have been thinking, Rahul, that you and others could also have the opportunity to earn money
personally and privately through the app. I thought about a library or it doesn't have to be in the
library; I was thinking, Inshallah, of an extra block, like an affiliate system where marketers who are
familiar with it—like you—worldwide, there are between 1,000 and 5,000 of them, could then,
Inshallah, earn money. I wouldn't need to run advertisements; I would simply produce the advertising
video and provide it alongside the affiliate link so that users can independently advertise with my
video. And for every premium user they find, they would, Inshallah, receive a 40-50% commission
from their monthly subscription. Could you please do this?






So it would not only be an Islamic knowledge platform but also an Islamic Halal business platform
Somit wäre es nicht nur ejne Is/amische Wissens Plattform sondern auch eine Islamische Halal
Business Plattform
2
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
A system where everyone can earn from the app distribution




Hello Rahul, I wanted to ask if you could please use this l. in the app :)
Selam Aleßutn Rahul ich wo/lte fragen könnten Sie bitte bej der app verwenden
Autcxnatic translation
That has a different resolution




Hello, Aja, one more important thing, Rahul, about the app: reading the content and also the Quran is
not possible offline. When I tested the app, I needed an active internet connection to read the
content. If the internet connection was interrupted, it did not load the content, not from the Quran :/


The library costs, that still needs to be removed, please remove the yellow box, and please Rahul, it's
important. I want to hire the advertising video producer to create the promotional video. Can I send
him the APK file? Can he do anything with it, or could you please record a good video of the app and
send it to me for the producer?
Will you be able to get everything sorted by then, Inshallah?
Schaffen Sie es bis damn Inshallah alles zu rjchten ?
A Automatlc translation
Ilone110gg
Here is the premium supporter list again, this is how it should look. Please remove the old list and
replace it with this new list.






And please also include the small mini ad button at the bottom right of the app with an (X) symbol to
close it




Premium Supporter (Full Version)
Unlock all premium features While supporting the development and growth Of Quran
International.
I.
Full Tafsir Access
2.
Hadith Collection
3.
Hasanat Counter
4. Offline Quran Audio (Recitations)
5.
Unlimited Bookmarks
6.
Knowledge Library - 400+ Educational Resources
7. Ad-Free Experience (NO Ads)
8. Choose Your Own Subscription Amount — Support With any monthly amount you
wish.
9. Golden Month - Enjoy a I-Month Free Trial
10. Stream & Download Islamic Videos and Audio Lectures from Trusted Scholars
11. Access to 160+ Islamic Books






L
Selam alejkum vielen Dank Rahul hier ist der Werbetext nochmal aktualisiert bitte schauen Sie sich
es an
Translate to EngUsh
Ilone110gg
Alhamdulillah! Welcome to Quran International.
Discover the Quran like never before.
No Ads
400+ Knowledge Library Articles
Authentic Hadith Collection
Detailed Tafsir
Hasanat Counter
Offline Quran Audio
Stream & Download Islamic Videos and Audio Lectures
160+ Islamjc Books
Unlimited Bookmarks
Choose your own monthly support amount and enjoy I month free with our Golden Month Trial.
Download Quran International today and help spread the Quran worldwide. In sha' Allah.




I can only do this if the points e) Quran Offline are also included and if the Quran can be read offline
without an internet connection. If an internet connection is required, I cannot do that. Please review
this and let me know.


________________


Please complete the knowledge library from the Islam House website and include all the content,
and it must also be readable offline in the app storage; it should already be there.




The Islamic videos and audio journeys should be downloadable and contain no advertisements from
YouTube




The 160+ books should also be readable offline in the app, please without internet


Hadith Tafsir should also work offline; everything should be accessible offline except streaming and
subscribing. The videos and audio journeys should also be downloadable and then viewable offline.
The user will do this internally using their own storage space on their phone, not the app.




Please tell me today, as he is waiting for a response, can I use this advertising text and send it to him
so he can make the video? Can you implement these features, Inshallah? With the offline Quran and
everything offline, because if they tell me that, I will change the promotional video. Because if the ad
says offline Quran but an internet connection is needed for the Quran, that's a problem. So my
question is, can you accomplish all these points so I can send the text to the developer?




Alhamdulillah! Welcome to Quran International.
Discover the Quran like never before.
No Ads
400+ Knowledge Library Articles
Authentic Hadith Collection
e.' Detailed Tafsir
Hasanat Counter
Offline Quran Audio
Stream & Download Islamic Videos and Audio Lectures
160+ Islamic Books
Unlimited Bookmarks
Choose your own monthly support amount and enjoy 1 month free with our Golden Month Trial.
Download Quran International today and help spread the Quran worldwide. In sha' Allah.




Great, thank you, but Rahul, please let me know now
Super danke aber Rahul bitte gib mir bescheidjetzt
A Automatic translatlon
Ilone110gg
Is it feasible to have the Quran offline and everything offline because of the advertising text so that it
is not incorrect, faulty, or misleading?




Oh okay, could you please do that within 1-4 hours and get back to me because I told the other
developer that I will inform him tonight. Please be so kind


I wanted to ask you because I saw that there a different email address than mine, so please add
my email address in the contact.




gabipeter2002@gmail.com 


________________


Thanks, what I also wanted to say is that the notification button cannot be turned off.




And above it says Koran. not Quran: please change that to Quran and write Quran Intematlonal
everywhere where Quran appears, With the letter q.




Will we be able to release the app, Inshallah, between the 5th and 10th of next month? Is that
possible?
Werden wir die App Inshallah nåchstes Monat zwischen 5-10 veröffentlichen können geht sich
das aus ?
ZA Automatlc translation
Ilonellogg
By advertising, I mean because the video developer will need, Inshallah, 14 days for the video, and I
thought we could release the app, Inshallah, between August 5-10?




Or is that problematic and too tight on time? Because we still need to check if the app has errors
and how it works, so I wanted to ask if it's possible because if it doesn't work out by the 10th of next
month, then we will do it on September 10th, Inshallah, so one month later, not August 10th
Oder ist das Problematisch und wegen der Zeit zu Knapp? Wei/ wir müssen noch prüfen 0b die
App feh/er hat und wie Sie funktioniert darum wollte ich fragen geht sich das aus weil wenn es
sich nicht bis zum 10 des nächsten Monats ausgeht dann machen wir es am 10 September
Inshallah also einen Monat später nicht IO August dann
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Because the knowledge library has hardly any content yet, we would need all the content from the
Islam House website, and it must be available offline, please




Should I send you my Google Ads login details so you can set it up, Inshallah?
Soll ich Ihnen meine Zugangsdaten zur Google Werbung schicken damit Sie diese Schon
Inshallah einstellen können
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
I will send you the promotional video once I have it, Inshallah, within 14 days :)




________________


Oh, thank you, and the share button doesn't work when I want to share an Ayah, it doesn't work




But just tell me if this advertising text is okay so I can send it because it says Quran Offline, can we
Offor everything offline, including the Quran so that he can read & listen offline?
Aber sag mir nur passt diosor werbotext so kann ich das scmckon wod da stoht Quran Offline
können wjr alles offline anbjeten den Quran das er Ihn lesen & hören Kann offline?
Automatlc translation
nonellOgg
Alhamdulillah, our new app offers you:
I) No Ads
2) your own knowledge library With over 400+ contents
3) Hadiths
4) Tafsir
5) Good Deeds Counter
G) Offlino Quran Audios (Rocitors)
7) Video & audio content from Sheikh (preachers), ad-free streaming & freely downloadable
8) Over 160+ books
9) Unlimited bookmarks
10) The subscription iS completely free; you can choose how you want
11) (Golden Month) 1 whole month free trial




L
L
peace be upon you
Selam alejkum
A Automatlc translation
non0110gg
Thank you, but inshallah, they Will still integrate the Hasanat counter in the paid subscription version,
and please correct it as it currently only counts once.
Vielen Dank sie werden aberja noch Inshallah den Hasanat-Zähler Integrieren bej der
kostenpmchtjgen version itn Abo also und bitte korrtgjert er Zåhlt bjslang nur ejn ejnzjges mal
Automatlc translation
non0110gg
Regarding the Sheikh videos from YouTube, with the internet, it's clear, Alhamdulillah, but my
question is more about whether they will be downloadable from my app because I want to offer this
feature, and Will the Videos be accompanied by ads while the user watches them with internet on the
app, because I am adding NO-Ads?




L
So please integrate the download function, and Will the Videos streamed from YouTube be ad-free on
my app, I moan tho Videos?
Also bitte die Download Funktjon integrjeren und werden dje Videos auf mejner app die von
youtube gestreamt werden werbefrej sem die Videos meme ich?
Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And please, the link for the Ayah, the (share) symbol doesn't work, I couldn•t share any Ayah With
others
und bitte der link bei der Ayah das (teilen) Symbol æht njcht ich konnte keine Ayah den anderen
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Please just tell me, will the content of the sheikhs, such as videos and audio journeys, be
downloadable in my app?




Please just provide this feature so I can send it to the developer
Bitte geben Sie das rein diese Funktion wed dann kann ich das dem Entwick/er schicken
2
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Then the text for the promotional video would also be ready and, Inshallah, completed :)


________________


I just wanted to change one thing the smallest package, which was €0.99, I would like to reduce it to
CO-79, please, monthly.




And what about the Sufis? Can you offer me the download function for Videos and audio guided
journeys?
Und sjeht es auf mit den Scheikhs die Videos 8 Audios Hörreisen können Sie rnjr da
Download Funktion anbieten??
ZA Automatic translation
Please change the price of the smallest package to €0.79 and let me know I need an answer
regarding the download function. It would be great if you could include that feature, as it would be
beneficial for the user. I can then send the promotional text to the video producer exactly as it iS
now, so I don't have to change anything. Therefore, I kindly ask you to accept this and to implement
this feature for downloading content, texts, videos, audios, guided journeys :)




I wanted to ask, will you integrate the download function? Because then I can leave the promotional
text as it is and send it, Inshallah, because if not, I will have to change it and remove the download
function.




I wanted to ask you because I saw that there a different email address than mine. so please add
my email address in the contact.






L
L
Ilone110"
The error is in the word (Milchschwester), it is incorrectly written as (Milchschwestem)
Dor fehler liegt bei dom Wort (Mi/chschwester) aort steht loider (Milchschwostom)
A Automatic translation
IloneIIOgg
The correct term is 'Milchschwester', not Milchschwestem'.
Richtjg ist Milchschwester nicht Milchschwestem
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Ana I wanted to ask you if it'S not too stressful for you to publish the app by August IO at the latest,
because if itis easier for you, we can also do it 1-2 weeks later.
And I wanted to ask you if it's not too stressful for you to publish the app by August IO at the latest,
because if it's easier for you, we can also do it 1-2 weeks later.
Und ich wollte euch fragen 0b es euch nicht zu stressig ist das wir die App am spätestens am 10
August veröffent/ichen well wenn es für euch leichter ist können wir es 1-2 wochen später
machen auch
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Weil es sind noch 22 Tage bis zum 10 Ten des Monats also etwas mehr als 3 wochen reicht das
Inshallah?




Hello Alejkum Rahul, I wanted to ask you what exactly do you need for the Google advertising to run?
My email: gabipeter2002@gmail.com & the promotional video because it needs to be ready before
the app launch
Selam Alejkum Rahul ich wollte dich fragen was brauchst du genau für die Google Werbung zum
Schalten? Meine email : gabipeter2002@gmail.com & das Werbevideo well es muss vor der app
Veröffentlichung fertig sein
Automatic translation
IloneIIOgg
Or do you also need a password?
Oder brauchst du auch ein Passwort?
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Das wäre Lione110




Ilone110gg
I wanted to ask you if there are issues with the promotional video producer and whether you could
make the promotional video, maybe around 35-45 seconds. I paid the other developer approximately
$70, and I offer you the same, Inshallah :)




Very good, I wanted to ask if you could maybe let me know today because I would really like the
promotional video to be completed. I am paying $70 for it.


And there is also an error in the Hungarian translation where it says 'konyv'
The word is actually 'könyv' with an ö


It says that you are available in 3 languages: English, German, Turkish. Could you please make it so
that everything, not just the knowledge library, is available in each language of the app?




What exactly do you mean? Do you mean $180 for the knowledge library of the app in all languages?
Or the promotional video for Google Ads for $180?




And we also need to include the offline Quran function so that the user can listen to the Quran
offline at any time without internet.
Und wir måssen bitte die quran offline funktion einbauen so das der Userjederzeit Ohne
Internet offline Quran Hören kann
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Because that's what it says in the advertisement text
Wei/ das steht so im werbetext
Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
That's possible, isn't it?
Das iSt dOCh Mögijch ocer?
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Okay, and there are still 160 books that I also need in every language of the app




Okay, and there are still 160 books that I also need in every language of the app
Aja und es gibt noch 160 Bücher die Brauche ich bitte auch un jeder Sprache der App
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And please make the knowledge library and Quran recitations fully accessible offline without
internet, it must be possible. Please make it happen, Inshallah




Oh, thank you very much for the promotional video. The other developer has changed his mind and
wants to do it soon, Inshallah. Therefore, I apologize; everything has now been clarified between us. I
thought he didn't want to do it at first, which is why I asked. Sorry for the misunderstanding :/




Regarding the knowledge library and all other features in the app, I kindly ask you to make everything
available in every language because currently, the knowledge library and other features are only
available in 3 languages. We need to change that, it's important.
Okay Rahul, the release can also be postponed by 1-2 weeks, or at the latest, I found out on
03.08.2026, so I must register the business by 03.08.2026 at the latest. If it's not possible for you to
get everything done by then because I know there's still a lot of work and I might discover a few
small things in the app that need to be added, then I completely understand if you say it's too
stressful for you and your team and you can't manage to do it by July 10-14. But if it's still feasible, I
kindly ask you to do it and release it in July e:




I marked the bookmarks when I had the German langt* set; they were in German and very good.
But when I switched to Hungarian, the Quran was in Hungarian except for the (Al-Fatiha) and the
(Bookmarks), which were still in German and not in Hungarian. The language setting did not change
for these two.


And also, the knowledge library remained in German and did not switch to Hungarian after changing
the language settings


Okay Dankeschön ich Zähle nur alles auf damit Sie jeden Punkt klar bei sich haben und bitte noch
was ich sagen wollte Die Kanale von 1)One Massage foundation
2) Pierre Vogel bitte noch hinzufügen zu denn zwei Kanälen von Abu Alia & Abul Baara
Translate to Engllsh
Ilone110gg
Ilone110gg






I wanted to ask if it would be possible to download the Sheikh's content and make it available offline.
I was thinking about a recorder video button that the app could have, and when watching a video, it
automatically captures the content—i.e., the video—and saves it in the app or on the user's phone.
Ich wonte fragen können wir es Irgendwie rnögfich machen die Inhalte der Scheikhs
Herunterzuladen und Sie offline verfügbar machen ich habe mir Über/egt was ware mit So einem
Recorder Video Button denn Mann in der app hat und wenn man ein Video schaut nimmt es
automatisch die Inhalte Auf also das Video und speichert Sie in der App oder eben im Telefon
des users
A Automatic translation
IloneIIOgg
So that there would be the possibility to watch the videos offline or to be able to move certain
videos somehow and watch them later without internet, would that be possible?




Unfortunately, the Daily Inspiration button also doesn't work:/
Oer Daffy Inspiration Button geht 'eider auch njcht er funktionjert nicht:/
Screenshot. (241.65 kB)
Automatic translatlon
Ilone110gg
Don•t worry, I'm not angry or anything I just want everything to run smoothly, Inshallah. This iS not
meant as criticism, please don't misunderstand :)
Keine Sorge ich bin Njcht Böse Oder Sowas sondem ich möchte nur das awes Inshallah super
Guft soute kejne Kritik sem das al/es bitte njcht faJsch verstehen e:)
Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And I wanted to ask how much would it cost to create these 401 articles plus the 169 books in audio,
in 2 audios in German & English with Al, approximately how much would that cost?












We still have a problem, namely when I go to Highlights, the Ayat are there, which is perfect. The
problem is that when I press on the Ayah and want to call it up, it only jumps back to the Surah, not
to the Ayah. It should always jump back to the exact marked Ayah (place) where it was marked,
please not to the beginning of the Surah, please do it this way




L
We still have a problem, namely when I go to Highlights, the Ayat are there, which iS perfect. The
problem iS that when I press on the Ayah and want to call it up, it only jumps back to the Surah, not
to the Ayah. It should always jump back to the exact marked Ayah (place) where it was marked,
please not to the begjnnjng of the Surah, please do it this way
Wir haben noch ein Problem unzwar Wenn ich auf Highlights goho stehen dje Ayat dort das ist
perfekt das problem iSt aber wenn iCh auf die Ayah drücke und Sie aufrufen wjlj' springt os nur
zu dor Suro Zurück nicht zur Ayah os soil bitto immor zu dor gonauon markierton Ayah (Stone)
zurück springen dort wo es markiert wurde bitte nicht zur Sure am anfang bitte so nicht
Screenshot. (300.66 kB)
A Automatic translauon
IloneIIOgg
Aja Rahul, what I wanted to say iS regarding the knowledge library, please do not write such small
articles anymore. you can leave the ones that are already there; thank you. you don't need to spend
extra on that. I will send you a picture of where you can download the Docx file for each article from
the website, Inshallah. Then you can format it nicely in an app. As for the rest, which is only in PDF,
you can also include it as a PDF, no problem, Inshallah. The ones only in PDF should also be in PDF,






I'm doing that okay, I will download everything to my phone and then send you everything. My
question is, can you turn a nice app reading file from the Docx file, and what about PDFs? Can you
also use ChatGPT to convert it into the same nice app reading format? Does that work for you so I
can send it to you? I will send you between 5-10 files now, please insert them into the correct
column in the correct blog. If there isn't a blog for it, please create as many as necessary. If it doesn't
fit into the 10 categories or blocks, then we need to create a new bridge, for example, Judaism. We
could create a blog for religions, so I mean only if you're having difficulty and can't categorize it
because it doesn't fit the name for certain topics.


































2nd time : it’s only for my research : Jul 21, 6:44 PM 




L


L


llonel10gg


Don't worry, I'm not angry or anything, I just want everything to run smoothly, Inshallah. This is not
meant as criticism, please don't misunderstand


Keine Sorge ich bin Nicht Böse oder Sowas sondern ich möchte nur das alles Inshallah super
läuft sollte keine Kritik sein das alles bitte nicht falsch verstehen
ZA Automatic translation


llonel10gg


And I wanted to ask how much would it cost to create these 401 articles plus the 169 books in audio,
in 2 audios in German & English with Al, approximately how much would that cost?






We still have a problem, namely when I go to Highlights, the Ayat are there, which is perfect. The
problem is that when I press on the Ayah and want to call it up, it only jumps back to the Surah, not
to the Ayah. It should always jump back to the exact marked Ayah (place) where it was marked,
please not to the beginning of the Surah, please do it this way






Aja Rahul, what I wanted to say is regarding the knowledge library, please do not write such small
articles anymore. You can leave the ones that are already there; thank you. You don't need to spend
extra on that. I will send you a picture of where you can download the Docx file for each article from
the website, Inshallah. Then you can format it nicely in an app. As for the rest, which is only in PDF,
you can also include it as a PDF, no problem, Inshallah. The ones only in PDF should also be in PDF,
I'm doing that okay, I will download everything to my phone and then send you everything. My
question is, can you turn a nice app reading file from the Docx file, and what about PDFs? Can you
also use ChatGPT to convert it into the same nice app reading format? Does that work for you so I
can send it to you? I will send you between 5-10 files now, please insert them into the correct
column in the correct blog. If there isn't a blog for it, please create as many as necessary. If it doesn't
fit into the 10 categories or blocks, then we need to create a new bridge, for example, Judaism. We
could create a blog for religions, so I mean only if you're having difficulty and can't categorize it
because it doesn't fit the name for certain topics.




And please ensure everything is available in every language of the app, and also send me the costs
for creating the entire content with Al audio, including audiobooks-not just the 401 articles but also
the 169 books in 3 audio languages: English, German, and Arabic. Please tell me how much it would
cost to offer all of this as audiobooks in these 3 languages, I mean the Al costs for that.




Mix the larger ones calmly, Inshallah, with the smaller ones; that's not a problem. But it's better if you
give all the large ones first and the small ones at the end, so that the user doesn't accidentally and
unknowingly think why all the articles are so short, only :)


Mischen Sie die großen ruhig Inshallah unter die Kleinen das ist kein Problem aber besser sie
geben die großen alle zuerst und die kleinen am ende nicht damit der user versehentlich &
Unwissentlich denkt warum sind die artikel alle so Kurz nur :)
Automatic translation


llonel10gg


And thank you very much for writing the articles yourself. May Allah reward you for that; it helps me
a lot.




________________


Yes Rahul, we still need a separate section for the 169 books, please, so an 11-section for the books
because these are no longer articles with topics but actual books.






Inshallah, I will send you many files now, mostly in docs and some in PDF. Please convert the PDFs
into a nice app format, just like the docs. I will send you the rest later; these are only articles, not
books. The books, Inshallah, I will send to you separately at the end. I will inform you again, Inshallah.




Thank you all, and I wanted to ask because I believe you mentioned, if I remember correctly, that you
wrote these small articles yourselves. I would be happy jf you produce many of them and continue
writing them, as they are very useful, Inshallah, and short and concise for those who just want to
read a little. I have now counted with your small articles included, we have a total of 417 articles. If
you keep going like this, Inshallah, we will reach the 500 mark, which would be great because your
articles are also completely different from the others and are much shorter and easier to read. If we
had about 80-90 more, we would have 500 articles, Inshallah e.






Hello, Rahul, I wanted to ask if you can organize the files because I believe they are in English based
on the file names. Therefore, I wanted to ask if you can categorize them into the correct blocks
(categories) depending on the topic names, please, or should I help you with that?




Hello Rahul, these were all short articles, not the books but the articles. Please download them so
they don't disappear in the chat, Inshallah, and organize them properly into the 10-11 or 12 blocks if
necessary. Please note, everything that comes after this message are only the book files. Be careful
to insert these files into a separate block named 'Books', and at the end, there will likely be another
block, so please create an additional block for that as well. For Fatwas, I believe there are between
30-39 articles to read about Fatwas on specific topics.
Thank you, same to you Sorry for the many messages, but the website is very large. These were
just the articles; now the 169 books and the 30-39 fatwas will follow, so approximately 200 more files






I would like to kindly ask you to add normal bookmarks to all the reading contents in the knowledge
library, meaning all the reading materials, and also to display the reading progress like in the Quran.
When I read the Quran, it shows the progress of how far I am. Please also add the reading progress
to each individual article in the knowledge library, along with the bookmarks. Additionally, please
enable marking them with green, yellow, blue, red, and the ability to share everything, just like in the
Quran. That would be great.








And also bookmarks in the knowledge library please




I haven't received any support from the job market, specifically from the (UGP), regarding the money.
This means that if I publish the app, I will no longer receive money from the employment agency
because I need to register a business, which I do not want to do. Therefore, I thought that if you tell
me whether it's possible, I would like to create a list to promote the app before it goes online. I plan
to visit various mosques in Vienna and write down the names of all the people I know who will
support the app, along with the amount from the six options available, for example:
1) Mustafa = €1.99 monthly
2) Adib = €9.99 monthly
3) Mohammed = €4.99 monthly






This way, I can wait until I have a total of around C700-CIOOO monthly from these supporters, and
then, Inshallah, I can publish the app. Until then, I will continue to receive money from the AMS, and I
don't need to register the app yet. I will only register it once I have enough supporters bringing in
CIOOO-C2000 monthly, or maybe even at €700. Therefore, I wanted to ask if you could provide me
with a file where users can test the app without being able to modify or delete it, as if they
downloaded it from the Apple or Google Play store. I also wanted to ask if you could help me gather
a list of people willing to test the app. along with their names and the amount they would contribute
monthly, as I described earlier. This way, I can continue to receive support from the AMS, Inshallah,
without taking any risks. You won't have any stress with the app because it doesn't need to be
finished and published by August 10; only once I have gathered enough supporters who are willing to
support me. I can øve you a file with only the basic version, without the full version. If you like it and
agree, you can download and use it normally from the Play Store or App Store, and I can also show
you the app from my phone. But it would be better to have an APK file for testing, which I can send
to anyone so they cannot modify it, and the APK file will eventually disappear. The full version should
only be available for 1-4 weeks, for testing purposes, not longer. After that, you need to uninstall the




________________


After that, you need to download and pay for the app normally after its release, and I need a list that I
keep myself where I gther people, and I wanted to ask if you could also gather people and keep a
list to help me with the promotion?






Hello Rahul. I have noticed something in the app that is not ood and must be removed irnrnediately.
Selam a/"kum Rahul .Ch habe etwas in App entdeckt was nicht gut ist und bitte
entfernt werden mus
ZA AuWnatE translation
These two audio recordino of a Sheikh who is not Abu Aha but there is Abu Aha written, he is not.
please remove these two audios and there are two rmjsiC sono that need to be removed, one by
Rick Astley and Gangnam Style. please remove them from the app






The promotional video is ready, and I wanted to ask you to review it and perhaps tell me if it is
suitable for Google Ads advertising. I also wanted to ask you to handle the Google Ads campaign
since there have been some changes. Please create an 11-block for books and a 12-block for Fatwas
in the Knowledge Library section. If you want to add more blocks, feel free to do so. I also wanted to
ask how much it would cost if we, for example, have YouTube channels like Sheikh Abul Baraa and
Abu Alia in German. We could make the same videos with the same people, just translated with Al
voices into all app languages, which I believe are about 109 in total, Inshallah, because the app is
called Quran International, so the videos should be available in every language. Or should I hire a
camera team and approach sheikhs who would be willing to start their own small channels in their
respective languages? I know someone who speaks Turkish, Hogga, and Imams who speak Arabic,
and someone who speaks Bosnian and is also an Imam—this could be cost-effective or better. What
do you think? Should I do it myself, or would it be better to do so, Inshallah, so that we can also
download the videos of different sheikhs in other languages?




Also em Internationler weltweiter Charvv'l
I ttunk it's bettor than Al
1st bosset als K' ich
Autornatlc translation
If you kmw a She•kh from Bangladesh or Pakistan, you can ask tum if muld do that
wonn emen Scheåh aus Banøadesh kennst Pakistan kannst /hn frawn 0b er das
Machen wurae
Thon I would mcludo his vidoos and content in my app. Inshallah. and then. wo would
already have 1-2 countrm out of 100




L
L
Thank you Rahul, and I wanted to ask you if it's possible for you to add a download foaturo so that
people can download the Videos, audios, or audio journeys of the sheikhs. That would be important,
Can you make that possible? Because, Inshallah. that would be a significant difference from youtube.
Oanko Rahul und ich wo/lto dich kannst du ist os mögfich also Könnt Ihr oino Donwload
Funktæn einbauon aamjt mann V/deos Auatos Also Horreisen Scheikhs heruntertaaen
kann das ware mchttg konnt das mogüch mochen aas inshallah douttjcher
unterscmoa zu youtube
Ilone110gg
would really wish for that
oas worae tch mm sehr wunschen
Automat'c
Ilone110gg
Because Inshallah. I can establish my own Quran International channel with over 100 countnes and
more than 100 sheikhs speaking over 100 different languages.
Jul 2b. AM
Jul 25, AM






I've thought about something and wanted to get some advice on it. I was thinking that maybe we
could build a mini website, a small landing page, basically a bridge between the Google ad and the
website. I thought I could do two things or just one. I was thinking: 1) Should I offer the app only as an
APK file downloadable from the Google ad, along with a mini landing page where users can download
the APK? The advantage would be that the app can also be used on PC and laptops, no store fees
would be incurred, and the app wouldn't be dependent on stores, meaning it can't be blocked, there
would be no reviews or bad ratings to pull the app down, and importantly, no store fees, which would
save me a lot. Or, 2) We do both—first, the APK file with Google ad plus a very small landing page just
to find the APK file, plus Google Play Store and Apple Store, so everyone can download the app
however and wherever they want—some this way, others that way. But I think we're better off without
Google and Apple. What do you think about that?




I'll take both, please, so option 2. But I wanted to ask how the payment process works exactly. If it
goes through the APK file, do I need to provide my bank details, or is PayPal enough? How should we
handle the payment function regarding the APK file? Also, I wanted to ask if you could perhaps
distribute the app via APK, meaning you could tell your friends to install it via APK if they decide to
use the app, because that would support me 100% and I wouldn't have to pay anything to Google &




And I wanted to ask, are the updates to the app after its release free of charge?


Also, I mean the updates after the release


What is really very important to me, even though I haven't said it explicitly, is that you enable a
download function for the videos and audios of the sheikhs from YouTube, because then we would
have real added value and a reason, Inshallah, for the brothers and sisters to watch and download
the videos through the app and not via YouTube. Could you do that? Is it possible? If you can make
that possible, it would be very important to me because this way, the content of the sheikhs would
also be protected, as YouTube often blocks and deletes the sheikhs' channels. But if the videos are
downloaded, then, Inshallah, much of it would be saved.






I also wanted to mention that I saw in the app that there is only one voice for the Quran recitation,
and users should be able to choose from multiple voices.
Ich wollte noch sagen bitte das ich auch gesehen habe in der App das es nur eine Einzjge
Stimme Abt bei der Quran Recitation beim Quran die user sollen bitte aus mehreren wahlen
konnen
2
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Please press the button at the bottom right




https:llquranzcomfreclters
Ilone110gg
There, you will find, Inshallah, 11 reciters. Please add them to the app. Inshallah, I will not find more,
but the user should be able to choose from multiple voices, not just one. That would be the goal.




But importantly, for these 12-16 reciters, there should not be a download function (very important),
but these 12-16 reciters should already be included, meaning the entire Quran recitations should be
in the app but only unlocked after purchasing the full version and available within the app—not for
download but already integrated into the app. The entire Quran recitations of these sheikhs from the
12-16 (very important) should be included, even if the app becomes a bit larger and requires more
storage space, because the added value here is that the user does not need to download them
separately but already has a ready playlist available, which is the added value. Otherwise, he could
simply download them via the website and wouldn't need the app for that. Therefore, it is very
important that these 12-16 sheikhs and their Quran recitations are included in the app from the
beginning.




Alhamdulillah, I have a new idea. I kindly ask you to keep this confidential because it is very
important to me so that the idea is not stolen, Inshallah.




L
L
Ilone110gg
No, I have another new idea
Nein ich habe eine weltere Neue Idee
ZA Automatlc translatlon
Ilone110gg
That is A Conversation between me and chatgpt.com
Part 1/4
Hello! I would like to explain one of my biggest long-term visions for Quran International.
Quran International will NOT be an open livestream platform where everyone can stream.
Instead, only verified scholars and Imams approved by Quran International will receive livestream
permissions.
The process would work like this:
• Scholars apply through the Quran International website.
• I personally review and approve them.
• Only approved scholars receive an administrator account with livestream permissions.
• My long-term goal is approximately 20—30 verified scholars from different countries and languages
(German, Arabic, English, Turkish, Indonesian, Urdu, etc.).
The purpose is to provide authentic Islamic knowledge from trusted scholars only.


Part 3/4
AI Downloadable Videos
I also have another
Currently, videos are streamed inside Qran International.
I would like users to download videos in their own lanaJ*, not only in the oriØnal laneuae.
Example:
Pierre Voel uploads a lecture in German
The user preses:
I Download
Instead of downloading only the German version, the app ask:
Download Lanwae
• Engish
• Turki±
• French




100+ Lan•jes
The user selects Hunnrian.
The system automaticany creates (U provides) the HI-mprian verOon uOng AI translaton and AI
The downloaded video should üeady conta*r:
• translated
• natural AI voice
• synchronized video
The user can then watch the complete lecture offEne in Hu•rian.






Part 4/4
Lortg-Term Goal
My vision is for Quran International to become the world's largest multilinul Islamic knowledge
The app should include:
• Verified scholars
• Livestreams
• Downloadable lectures
• Audio lectures
• Knowledge Library
• Islamic courses
Everything should be available in 100+ languages frlroueh Al.






Everything should be available in 100+ languages through AL
I would like to know if this architecture is technically possible by combining existing Al services and
APIs instead of developing everything from scratch.
For example:
• Speech-to-Text Al
• Al Translation
• Text-to-Speech Al
• Voice Cloning (optional)
• Livestream infrastructure
• Video processing
• Multilingual downloadable videos
If this is possible, I believe it could become one of ffe biæest unique selling points (USPs) of Quran
International and allow Muslims around the world to benefit from authentic Islamic knowled*
regardless of the language spoken by the scholar.




Natürlich. Hier ist es auf Englisch, professionell formuliert, als Nachricht an deinen App—Entwickler:
## "Future Roadmap for Quran International (Insha'Allah)"
I would also like to add the following features in the future. Please let me know if these ideas are
technically possible and how we could build them step by step.
### • •l. Worldwide Mosque Finder"
I would like Quran International to include a global "Masjid Finder••.
Every mosque should have its own profile mana*d by its Imam or an authorized administrator-




Each mosque should be able to set and update:
• Individual prayer tirnes
• Acfr.an times
• Iqama times (exact prayer start times)
• Friday prayer times
• Special Ramadan schedules
• Islamic events and announcements
This will allow users to always know the exact prayer and Iqama times of their local mosque.
### Mosque Events & Educational Schedule••
Both the "website and the mobile app•• should display live information about every mosque.
Authorized administrators (Imarn, Hoca, or mosque board members) should be able to update:
• Quran classes
• Islamic lectures
• Weekly teaching schedules
• Children's classes
• Women's classes
• Community events
• Special seminars
• Rarnadan progarns
Users should be able to search any mosque and instantly see its current and upcoming activities.




"3. Long-Term Vtsion••
My long-term vision is for Quran International to become the Islamic equivalent of ••youTube +
Twitch••, specifically for authentic Islarnic
Verified scholars and mosques should have their own official channels where they cam
• Upload videos
• Upload audio lectures
• Livestream Islamic lectures
• Livestream Quran classes
• Livestream Friday sermons
• Allow users to download authorized content for offline viewing and listening




I would also like to include a "Gift T and Donation•• feature during livestreams, allowing viewers to
voluntarily support scholars and In the future, this could even help provide a sustainable
monthly income for Islamic educators and content creators.
I believe these features could make Quran International one of the world's largest multilingual Islamic
education platforms, Insha'Allah.




I have another highly confidential idea, sorry
________________




part 2/4
AI Translation
The bluest problem I want to solve is langu..
Exanvle:
Pierre starts a livestream in German.
A Muslim from Hungary cannot understand Germm.
Instead of reading subtitles, I want the user to hear the livestrearn directly in Huvian.
The sarne should work for every languaW
For example:
• German -+ Hunganan
• Arabic:
• German -i Turkish
• Gerrnan -i Indonesian
• Gerrnan English
The viewer should feel as if Pierre voæl iS actually speaking his own langj*.
The techne idea is:
1. Scholar speaks Eve.
2. A1 converts speech into text
3. Al translates the text into every supported languaw.
4. Al Ferates natural voice audio (Text-to-Speech).
5. Every user hears the livestream In his own selected Ianw..
This should support 100+ languaæs in the future








I want to make Quran International independent of everything, including the Google Play Store &
Apple Store. By that, I don't mean that we shouldn't publish the app in the stores. No, that's not what
I mean. I prefer it as an APK mainly so that Google & Apple cannot block or attack it. The goal is,
therefore, for Quran International to someday or even now be built as a digjtal bank where everyone
has their own wallet and savings account and can send money anywhere—a network for Muslims
that operates like a submarine, untraceable because of the APK file, so it cannot be blocked, and the
app is not dependent on anyone. Everyone, Inshallah, can use it as an APK version, and no more
accounts or transactions will be blocked or funds frozen. I want to build a network for Muslims so
that the Muslim Ummah becomes indestructible, Inshallah, and I want you to help me build it so that
you receive a reward from Allah that never ends :










L
Quran International as a digital bank for Muslims worldwide, unstoppable, untraceable, indestructible
because of the existing APK file that is always shared and never tied to anything :)
Quran International als Digitale Bank für Mulsime International Weltweit nicht stopbar nicht
rückverfolgbar unzerstörbar wegen der Vorhandenen Apk Datei die immer weitergegeben Wird
und me an etwas gebunden ist :)
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Like a submarine that is untraceable once it has submerged






But that would be the final part of the plan, Inshallah
Doch das wäre der letzte Teil des Plans Inshallah
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
For that, we first need many users, Inshallah, to build trust. No one invests their money where they
have no trust and are not familiar with.






A digital banking system that does not operate on interest but on a monthly subscription of €0.79 -
€50, with 6 selectable plans in the app, and transaction fees of Cl per transfer up to €999
Then from €1,000, €10 per transfer
From €10,000, €25 per transfer
From €100,000, €50 per transfer
From €1 million, €100 per transfer






A banking system designed so that it contains no interest or with a monthly extra subscription of
€10-€50 per month for fee-free transfers for a lifetime
Ein Banksystem das so gestaltet ist das keine Zinsen darin enthalten sind Oder mit einem
Monatlichen Extra Abo von IO-50€ pro Monat für gebuhrenfreie Uberweisungen für lifetime
ZA Automatic translation
For example
Zum Beispiel
ZA Automatic translatlon
Simply a digital bank for Muslims




Have I already mentioned the Masjid Finder? It should function like a Qibla Finder, please with live
data from every Sunnah mosque worldwide, showing when they pray, at what time, and which
lessons are scheduled, updated weekly, please :)






I think Rahul, I Will do this here Inshallah: Quran International -i Quran, Tafsir, Hadith, Livestreams,
Mosque Finder, Islamic Education.
Ich denke Rahul ich mache das Hier Inshallah Quran International -+ Quran, Tafsir, Hadithe,
Livestreams, Moschee-Finder, islamische Bildung
ZA Automat!c translation
Ilone110gg
And regarding the Digital Bank, Inshallah, I will develop a new app with you again, Inshallah e:)






Me too, and if you have any ideas for the app on how we could do everything Inshallah, I mean
suggestions, please just share them. I am open to it and look forward to ideas. I am such an ideas
person






I just wanted to mention that I noticed a small issue: when I have no internet connection in the app
and try to press the donation button, it displays in Bangladesh language at the top in red instead of in
German, even though I had German selected, and it suddenly shows Bangladesh in red.






I wanted to briefly share something new with you. Please consider all my suggestions but do not
proceed with them further, especially regarding the finance and digital bank.
Let's focus on these three points:
1) Masjid Finder, similar to Qibla Finder, which finds all mosques with data from you about prayer
times.
2) I want to offer Quran International as a new live streaming platform for Muslims. Before launching, I
mean a live streaming platform where the live stream is broadcast directly from the Kl during the
stream, and it is translated into every language in the app, in 109 languages. Don't worry, not
everyone will be able to stream live, only users I designate as admins—certain imams and preachers,
about 30-60 people maximum.






3) The videos streamed in Quran International from YouTube should be downloadable and
convertible. Please develop a button in the app—a video converter—that, for example, when a user
presses download, it asks for confirmation and gives the option to download the video in 109
languages. For example, an English video, the user presses download, then chooses Hungarian, and
receives the exact same video where the Sheikh is speaking, but the Kl speaks in Hungarian.
4) I also thought it might be possible to do this directly without downloading, but I think downloads
are better. I suggest that in the Quran International app, videos streamed in German and English can
be viewed directly in the app without downloading, with Kl language selectable. That means, just as
the user sets the app language (Hungarian) and translation language (Hungarian), they should also be
able to set the streaming language to (Hungarian) for both live streams and regular videos, which can
be streamed in Hungarian without live or even downloaded functions for videos and audios. Inshallah,
this will work, and you can implement it on the website as well, including all live times of mosques
and classes, updated weekly, with all mosques listed on the website and app, including Masjid Finder
with live data on prayer times and classes of each mosque week by week.










It's no problem if it takes a month longer, Inshallah, because I have a new goal, another one: (Quran
International), an international Al-translated live stream platform and video streaming platform, as
well as a video & audio converter in up to 109 languages. A Twitch for Muslims, but international,
translated live and offline in 109 languages. By offline, I mean downloadable. Plus, the video streaming
in 109 languages. Could you make this possible? And approximately how long would it take? If it takes
two months, no problem, Inshallah.
L
Or would it be better to publish the app now and bring updates and improvements to the
livestreams? What do you think? Because I think then people won't to know Quran International
as a livestream platform and they won•t see or perceive it that way
Oder ware es besser die App jetzt zu veröffentlichen und das mit den Livestreams also Update
zu Brjrwn was sagst du? ich denke mir das dam die leute aman
International nwcht als Livestream Plattform kennedernen und Sie Sie njcht so sehen &
Automatic translauon
Ilone110gg
Let'S please stick to releasing the app now by AußJSt 14th at the latest, Inshallah, and then bring the
live streams. video & audio converter. and streamer in up to 109 languages as a major update. This
way. the app can gow, and we can, Inshallah, gather users.






Is it possible for me to register a business for the app by August 14th, or should I wait longer?




Thank you, and Aja Rahul, regarding the knowledge library, it is part of the paid version and not the
free one because I can access it without having an active subscription, I mean here in the demo
version of the app.






Hello Rahul, I just wanted to briefly mention that Surah Al-Baqarah, I mean any other Surah after
Surah Al-Fatiha, is not readable until the full version is purchased. This should not be the case; the
Quran should be freely readable. So, the basic version of the app.




I found something else: when I search in the Quran, it displays in Hungarian even though the language
settings are set to German; it still shows in Hungarian.




I wanted to ask if you know the update corne it be ß)0d if I
see jt at hast one before the app release. to rmybe any
ICh mlito fra•n wtsson swo Vi&eht wann das UCWtO Kommt ware wt mm 'Ch es
mt'WStMS *OChO Ag' vorotfentbchung mshauah könnto um viOOOtCht næh
•rxnw/cho zu
ta Automatic trmslaueo
Also, I moan if thoro iS sun anything that neoas to bO corrected so that we havo opportunity to
mish everything and ensure it works gyoporty before tho aww launch




Hello Rahul, I wanted to ask if you can include the live stream before the app release or as an
update. Is it enough if it's a new live stream, but it must be on Quran International, not YouTube? How
long would that approximately take? I think we can also do it after the app release, Inshallah, once.
No translation Al.




Hello Rahul. I am still considering how exactly the live stream should be implemented.
Selam al*urn Rahul ich über/ege mf noch Wie das mit Livestream æmacht werden
nonellOg
But then, I kindly ask you to include all the Sheikhs channels, not just a part of them as it is
now. but all four channels. please.
Atwr bisdahin bitte ich Sie tuen Sie die gesamten Kanåle der Scheikhs einfügen ganzen bitte
njcht nw ejnen Teil so es jetzt ist sondern von den 4 Kanålen awes bitte
ZA translation
All videos and audios from all 4 channels completely. please




Thank you. It would be geat if you could add the 109 languages to the app, I mean as many as
possible. I am referring to the videos of the scholars when they are streamed via YouTube in the app,
so that the brothers and sisters can choose which Al language the video should be played in. Ideally,
it should be selectable in 109 languages, similar to YouTube where you can choose a different Al
language for Shorts, and the video is played in that language.




My reply : 
Sorry for the misunderstanding. Unfortunately, this specific requirement is not possible in the way described. Since the scholar videos are being streamed directly from YouTube, we cannot control or generate 109 different AI language audio tracks from within our app. We can only use the audio/language tracks that YouTube makes available for the respective video. 




L
Oh. I understand. Okay. ttpn I ask you to filly integrate au 4 charnels. not just some Videos but the
enure Videos. audios, and posts, meantng the whole channel, and I kindly request you to include a
download function for all videos and audios :)
Ah vgstehe Okay dann bitte jch Sie ANP 4 Katwe VOWsta,OWg zu net)t nur
Videos sondern wirkåch ganzen Videos Audis und Bejträæ also ænn Ganzen Kanal und
Ch bitte Sie ejne Download Fcnktjon für ane Videos & ALOO'S ejnzubauen
Autornauc translation
MayW rnore Will bo added later
Es werden vft noch KUJäJe komme dazu
Za Automatic translation
DonellOg
Also die Vier Kanäle I) Abu Alia
2) Abul
3) Pierre
4) One Fot-r•datjon




Hello Aleikum Rahul, I wanted to ask you about the payment system of the app, how can one pay
because I wanted the amounts to go directly to my bank account, Inshallah.






No Google Play Store or Apple Store at the beginning, only as an APK file. It may take up to 3-6
months until 1, Inshallah, say that we can publish your app normally in the stores.
Keine Google Play store oder Apple store am anfang bitte nur als Apk Datei das kann bis zu 3-6
monate so sein bis ich Inshallah sage das wir dir App normal in den Stores veröffentljchen
können
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
I wanted to say that PayPal is very important to me as a payment method and do you need my bank
card number




Okay perfect, just no stores, please, only APK with website




Oh, I didn't notice that the knowledge library is not translated in the app when I set it to Hungarian; it
remains in German. Please translate everything into every app language so that it also remains
offline.




Hello Rahul, sorry, I think we can also publish the app normally through the stores, not just in APK
format.






I wanted to ask you how much it costs to integate the live stream?
Ich wonte Sio fragen wie Vie/ Kostot es das Livestream Cüvubauen?
ZA Automatic translation
Jul 30. 9•S1 AM
Could you please send me a quote because that would. Inshallah. be
another point for the premium feature




My reply: 

Yes, we can integrate the live-streaming feature. However, this would require additional development time and cost.
First of all, my recommendation would be to carefully consider whether this feature is necessary for the app. Live streaming can be quite complex to implement and also requires a stable internet connection for users to access the content. For this type of app, I believe it may be better to keep the experience more lightweight and accessible.
That said, if you would like to proceed with the live-streaming feature, we can absolutely build it based on your requirements.
Our estimated budget for this feature would normally be around $2,000 USD, as it would require updates to both the mobile app and the admin dashboard.
Since you are our existing client, we would be happy to offer you a $400 discount, bringing the total cost to $1,600 USD.
Estimated timeline: 25 days
Please let us know your thoughts. We’d be happy to discuss the requirements further and assist you with the best approach for this premium feature.






Hier ist ein professioneller Vorschlag auf Englisch für deinen Entwickler:---# Gold Club Membership (Maximum 100 Members)I would like to add a new premium membership called **Gold Club Membership**.### Membership* Maximum of **100 members** only.* Monthly subscription: **€34.99**.* Once all 100 spots are filled, no additional members can join unless a spot becomes available.## Gold Club BenefitsAll Gold Club Members receive:* Full access to all Premium features.* An exclusive **Gold Club** badge.* **5 gold stars** displayed below the user's name.* A **gold profile picture border**.* The **username displayed in gold** throughout the app.* An exclusive **gold app theme** that includes: * Gold background (optional/selectable) * Gold text * Gold highlights and accent colors * Gold UI elementsThese gold colors, themes, and visual customizations must be **available only to Gold Club Members**. No other subscription tier should have access to them.---# Gold Club CommunityCreate a private **Gold Club** section inside the app that is accessible only to Gold Club Members.The section should include:### Dashboard* Member counter (e.g. **73 / 100 Members**)* Progress bar showing how many Gold Club spots are already taken.### Idea Submission* Every Gold Club Member can submit **1 idea per month**.* Members can describe their feature request or improvement.### Voting System* All approved ideas are presented to the Gold Club.* Gold Club Members can vote: * 👍 Support * 👎 AgainstThe voting period can be weekly or monthly.### DiscussionEach idea should have its own discussion section where Gold Club Members can comment and discuss before voting.### Beta AccessGold Club Members receive early access to new features before they are released to all users.---This Gold Club is designed to create an exclusive inner community of supporters who can actively participate in improving the app by submitting ideas, discussing them, and voting on future features. Only the top 100 Gold Club Members have access to these exclusive privileges and the unique gold visual identity.
  




That shouldn't be, it shouldn't cost 49.99€, but 34.99€; that's the last subscription I mean, and the
last subscription, which is the updated one for 34.99€, should be outlined in gold and reserved only
for the top 100 members. It should say in the subscription: 'Become an Exclusive Quran International
Gold Club Member,' with only the first 100 spots getting a seed—so secure your premium gold seed
now. You have your own seed (spot) and can make suggestions for the app, vote on them, and reject
them. For this, we also need a small lobby room, a private chat room for the 100 members.






Also Die TOP 100 Gold seeds
sure
Uon0110gg
Also. I mean 100 Gold Club Seeds
Also ich meine damjt WO Gold Club Seeds
Automatlc translatlon
BonellOg
Orgy 100 people can claim this anymore






Could you please do that, be so kind




Hello Rahul, I hope you and the team are doing well so far
Selam aleykum Rahul ich hoffe dir und dem Team geht es g.lt soweit
Automatlq_translatlon
Ilone110gg
I wanted to ask you if I can send this APK file to a Sheikh so he can test the app and get an initial
impression, or should I not do that?






L
L
Okay. tharü you. I'm just thinking amut how to handle the live streams with all the sheikhs from 100
countries and With the voting participation, so that they can have a say, I mean, my Quran
International Club.
Okay danke dir Ich mir nur wie ich das Machen SOW mit dem Livestreams
Scheikhs aus 100 Ländern und mit der Strnmtpteiligung also das Sie mit bestimmen Können ich
metne Quran International Club
ZA Automatic translauon
nonellO"
Do you have any ideas about that perhaps
Haben Sie Ideen dazu Viegeicht
Automauc translauon
nonellOgg
Yes Rahul, this iS still very important






I have considered publishing the app and marking the full version, which costs something, as coming
soon, so I don't have to register a business yet and can release the app online in 1-2 months,
Inshallah, and wait for users to come. After one or two months, we will unlock it and make the app
Ich habe mir Überlegt die App zu Veröffentljchen und das wir die Vollversjon die etwas Kostet
Sperren also als Comminh soon Markieren so muss ich noch kein Gewerbe anmelden und kann
1-2 Monate Inshallah die App Releasen Online stellen und warten das Nutzer kommen und nach
einem Monat oder 2 Monaten entsperren wir es und machen dje App normla
A Automatic translation
So, publish the app Inshallah, only the free version; the paid version will be marked as Coming Soon
in 1-2 months, so we will, Inshallah, gain users :)




But please create an APK for me once everything is ready, where the paid features are blocked, so I
can distribute the app privately beforehand. You can also offer this APK as a download on the
website and in the app & Google Play stores.
Aber erstelle mir bitte wenn alles fertig ist so eine Apk wo das Kostenpflichtige Blockiert ist so
kann ich die App auch Privat Verbreiten Vorher und Sie können diese Apk in die Website als
Download und in die App & google play stores als Download anbieten
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And then the paid version as an update
Okay, the app should please offer the knowledge library in all app languages. If it takes longer, that's
no problem. Rahul, just tell me as soon as you have the APK version with the basic version where the
paid content is not included, so I can distribute it, Inshallah, then.






I wanted to ask if you could also include a short tutorial in video form, just about 5 seconds
maximum, that shows when the siblings download and watch the app for the first time, the video
demonstrating the Tafsir function — that when you press on the Arabic above the translation, it
shows the Tafsir.








I'm considering dropping the Gold Club and instead just doing the last subscription like the others for €23.99, but not for €49.99. I'm not sure, what do you and the team think about this? Please share your suggestions with me :) 






I have an Idea
I wufled to ask about tte larri•ng of Quran International wtere you can, Inshallah, dcmrioad tte
'Ch wone weæn mternaoonal wo man instøtåh ACP
HeruntUiaden kann
Automatic translati«l
I Of a for sale. between 4-9 books, InéüUah. for 3.20C Ot 420C each If
the Sheikh 4)Cyoves, each book win have at least 60 I wanted to ask if. the tune comes.
pu coWd mtegate this book mto the wewte and wt up a payrnent method. pmse let rne
know exactly which payrn«rt rnettod that would be and what exactly I shwld expect.




So imagine, Inshallah, an exclusive Quran International special book senes for purchase, about 4-9
books, each costing 3.20€-4.20€, with 60 pages each, Inshallam What payment method could I use?
Do I need to provide my account? Is PayPal an option?
Also stelle dir es so vor Inshallah eino Quran International Exk/usivo Extra Buchreiho zum Kauf
ca 4-9 Bücher fürjoweils ein buch 60 seiten Inshallah welche Zahlungsart könnte
ich da hineingoben muss ich mein Konto angoben geht Paypal
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
This has nothing to do with the app subscription. Inshallah, it is an exclusive special book series from
Quran International that is only available for purchase separately for 3.20C-4.20C, or if someone buys
all the books as a bundle, Inshallah, they will receive a 30-40% discount.








Not only insert the APK but also the few books that will come, Inshallah. However, this will take some
time.






My reply : 

Yes, we understand what you are looking for. We can build this feature as part of the Quran International Club.
 
Our approach would be to first create a dedicated Live Events section where the Sheikhs or representatives from different countries can join and participate in scheduled live sessions. Club members will be able to watch the live stream and interact through live chat or questions.
 
Alongside the live stream, we can add a voting/poll system. During or after a live session, you can create a specific question or topic with multiple options, and members can cast their votes. Each member will be allowed to vote according to the rules you define, and the voting results can be displayed in real time.
 
We will also build an admin system where you can manage the countries, Sheikhs, live events, and voting topics. This will allow you to organize international events and give members a structured way to participate and have their voice heard.
 
Just one thing to clarify: when one Sheikh starts a live session, the live stream will not automatically be translated into all other languages. By default, viewers will hear the Sheikh in the language he is speaking. If you want, we can explore adding real-time translation or subtitles in other languages as a separate feature.
  


I have read your message and I think it'S very good
Ich habe Ihre Nachricht durchgelesen finde ich sehr gut
Automatic translation
Thank you so much for your response.
I like it.
IloneIIOgg
But one point is important because you wrote, I believe that only club members can participate in
the live stream part, so I don't mean that directly, but only the 100 partners who are members can
stream live, and everyone should be able to watch, even if they have the smallest subscription.




But one point is important because you wrote, I believe that only club members can participate in
the live stream part, so I don't mean that directly, but only the 100 partners who are members can
stream live, and everyone should be able to watch, even if they have the smallest subscription.




I Wi" only do the live streams after months of the app•s release, Inshallah :)






Inshallah. we will work together for years. as you have noticed. I am a person full of ideas. thanks to
Allah. Elhamdulillah




I'm sorry if my ideas were sometimes too much for you.




Allerdings habe ich eine Idee
Translate to Ere!
Okay. you can share your idea
NonellOgg
I was thinking. Inshallah. of starting with a premium book or maybe a small series of 1-4 books- I need
to see what the Sheikh requests and how much exactly- So. I was thinking that we could publish the
eBooks on the Quran International website where the APK link is. Inshallah- I would like to do that
and offer it as an exclusive book series.




Offering it as a gift in the app, Inshallah, when the user downloads the app for the first time, a pop-
up appears with a thank you such as 'As-salamu alaykum, Jazak Allahu Khairan for
downloading the app. With this, you have supported us. Now, we want to support you just as you
supported us with a book as a welcome gift for you—the Quran International Akhira Lexicon, where
everything is described in detail and authentically about the hereafter.'






And the user has it in the app, so they don't need to download it, Inshallah. Please do it this way, so
they don't have to download it separately, not like that, please.






And on the landing page, it should say thank you for visiting our page. If you support us with a
download, we will also support you with a free welcome gift.






Yes Rahul, it's important to note that the work will be, Inshallah, 500-1000 paæs long, similar to the
articles in the app, just a very long, complete article. Therefore, we will need a dedicated button
because users will scroll down for a long time. For example, if the reader is on page 300, they will
have to scroll until they reach their last reading position, which would be too much. So, we need a
button and bookmarks to track the reading progess and remember where they left off.






Thank you, and the same to you. If you have any ideas or suggestions, please keep me updated, such
as turning the unlimited bookmarks into an extra premium feature—that was your idea, not mine. Very
strorw
Danke und das selbe auch für dich fans du Ideen hast und halte mich bitte auch am
Laufenden das zurn bejspie/ mit den Unbegrenzten Bookmarks als ein Extra Premium Feature zu
machen das war eure Idee mcht meine sehr stark L L
ZA Automatic
See this as a joint project for this app; everyone can express and contribute their ideas- If someone
has wishes or wants to independently add something extra. they are welcome to do so. They should
just inform me of their idea beforehand. This app is considered a joint project, so we work
All ideas, wishes, and exceptions.




What is important to me is that we offer the knowledge library in all languages of the app. Inshallah,
that would be great, Alhamdulillah






Hello Rahul, I wanted to ask you for a small update. I noticed that the Dua section is a bit confusing,
so I would like to it. Please divide the Dua section in such a way that when you click on it,
you can scroll down, Inshallah, and it should look somewhat like the Knowledge Library to make it
more orderly :)






L
Please make all videos available for download from these 4 channels.
Sie mussen bitte aus djesen 4 Kanälen Alle Videos zum Download zur Verfüßjng stellen bitte
Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Also, from all 4 channels, I have calculated that there are over 9,000 videos available for download.
However, for this to be possible, the complete channels need to be streamed from YouTube to my
app. Could we perhaps create an app box, a kind of package, for example, to download the entire
Abu Alia channel instead of downloading Videos individually?






Because this is, Inshallah, a premium feature that the user pays for monthly for downloads, all
channels and all videos must be streamed in the app and available for download, please. And I was
thinking of four boxes with four buttons, each for downloading the entire channel instead.




I have thought that when users, Inshallah, come to the landing page, there should be a text, but I still
need to think about exactly what it will say. When you download the app, you will receive two $fts.






So I thought that as a thank you, a thank you page should pop up as a pop-up when downloading the
app and also later, Inshallah, it should state that for the first year, once he subscribes, as a thank you,
he will receive a gift worth minus -25% for a whole year (Premium Year) on all subscriptions.
Unzwar habe ich mir gedacht das als Dankeschön bitte eine dankeseite als Pop up aufpopt beim
herunterladen der app und auch später Inshallah das steht das er Für das erste Jahr sobald er
ein Abo Abschließt als Dankeschön ein Geschenk in Wert von minus -25% für ein Ganzes Jahr
(Premium Year) erhålt auf alles Abos
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And if he completes a subscription within two weeks after downloading and registering on the app,
Inshallah, he will receive his second gift, which is a (Golden Year), not just Premium, but (Golden
Year), with a discount of minus -50% on all subscriptions for one year, for the first year.




L
Oh okay Understand
Ilone110gg
I wanted to say that the last subscription should be 24.99€ monthly instead of 49.99€






You now know tho monthly subscription price list for tho users
t) : €079
2) €199
3): C' 99
i,) : C999
5) : 99
6): C2499
Du konnst 'a jetzt die Monat/iche Abo Prejsnste dje user
Automatic translation
Donet10gg
And I also wanted to have 3-6 year packages, for example
Or support us with ttv' annual subscription
1) C34.99 annually
2) C44.99 annually
3) C55.99 annually




You now know the monthly subscription price list for the users
1) : €079
2) : €1.99
3) : €4.99
4) : €9.99
5) : €19.99
6) : €24.99










And I was thinking of a Single top donation that unlocks everything, and it states that for those who
don't want a subscription at all, there iS a one-time top donation worth €100 that unlocks the full
version of the app for a lifetime.




Oh, and I wanted to ask if you could please remove the two small subscriptions for €0.79 and €1.99. I
want it to start at a minimum of €4.99. You have done very good work on this subscription.






Hello Rahul, I hope you are doing well
Selam alejkum Rahul ich hoffe euch geht es gut
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
I wanted to ask if all the points to be done are clear to you?






By the way, Rahul wanted to ask when we could register the app, approximately, because we still
need to review it, Inshallah, before publishing it
Aja Rahul wollte noch fragen wann wir die App anmelden Könnten Ungefähr weil wir müssen Sie
noch Inshallah überprufen bevor wir Sie veröffentlichen
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
So that the user pays the IOOC once and immediately gets the full version of the app unlocked
without a test phase






The test phase should only be for subscriptions, not for the one-time €100 payment Could you just
create a video in the app that briefly shows the full version in 15-20 seconds, so the user knows
what they are buying? It doesn't have to be, I just thought it would be better for understanding




Hello Rahul, I wanted to ask you when we can publish the app, Inshallah?
Selam alejkum Rahul ich wollte dich fragen wann wir die App Inshallah veröffentlichen konnen?
Automatic translation
Ilone110g
Is it possible on August 17th?






L
Oh, I understand_ If thars the case, please subrnjt it so that it Wi" only finished after the review
penod, around September 7-9, next month
Achso verstehe wenn das so ist dam bitte reichen Sie so ein das SÉ nach PrüfutWdauer
erst am 7-9 also nachstes Monat fertg wfd
Autornatic translation
Ilone110g
So please subrnit it at the end of the month or between September 1-4
Also reichen SÉ Sie bitte am Ende des Adonats oær 1—4 Anfang
Automatic translation
IloneIIOg
Please do not mlbüsh it on the 17th






Perfect, because the app should not go online before the 5th, so at the earliest on the 6th-8th in the
app stores, but the review process always takes 4-7 days before it goes online, right? Therefore, I
thought between the 1st-4th of September would be good, Inshallah.




And what I also wanted to ask about the advertising, I tried to set it up but when I entered the
website URL from www.quranlntematlonal.com, it said that you still need to buy the domain.
Are you familiar with Google advertising?
Kennen Sie sich gut mit Goode Werbung aus?
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Because I somehow can't prepare an app campaign. Google doesn't let me create a campaign at the
beginning when these offers are still available.
ich schaffe es irgendwie nicht eine App Kani'Woe Vorzubereiten Google Låsst mich nicht
am anfang wo noch diese Angebote Sind für das erstmal erstellen einer Kampagne
ZA Automatic
Ilone110gg
Could you do that somehow, please






Okay no stress just because you Teu me yesterday Tomorrow thats why iam asking
I am just Happy cant wait
Sure
Can you send it Please Today
I want to take a Look at it Inshallah






I wutt to a Look at it
And I wmted to ask because I kindy Wish that the Ibrary is avad±le in
Of app. so in 109 '*ease translate for everyme
Ch ich me Ette mnschen das We agen
gyochen Am bitte abo fur
'twine GooØe Log Oaten
then rn*e the advertising settjr.






L
Is ymr team working at the moment? I mean ritlt now. because I am awake during the niØ1ts and
can communicate perfectly With your team. Inshallah. since pu mentioned that your team works on
my prc»ect during the shift.
Arbeitet Ihr Team zurzeit? Also geradejetzt wed ich b"' jetzt wach Eber die Nåchte kann Perfekt
nt mrem Team Komunjzieren Inshallah wed Sie Ihr Team fi.r mein Preyekt arbejtet der
Nacht schjcht
Ilone110g
I could test the app right now. I have exactly 1-2 hours to test the latest version and. Inshallah, point
out any possible corrections e)






I NSt wanted to say, please add this channel the brother as well Ttwn. Insha'ah, instead of 4,
there would be 5 ch•vnels. exactly one handful. The brother has over 1000 videos. and I told you that
the other 4 chamels have a of 9000 videos. So. Inshanah. we can mclude it in subscriptk'n
(up to over 10,000 Videos downloadable)
Ich wone rxych Ette füæn Sie '*esen von dem Firpm rvch Hinn Bitte darn
wåren es Inshalbh staff 4 jetzt 5 Kanü ænau eine handvoU der 8ruder hat iBer '000 Vdeos
und ich habe Ihnen Osagt cfis dje arWren 4 Kanäle In*samt 9WO VWos tuben somt
können wir in Abo (Bis zu '0000 VicÉOS
ZA AuwnatE&mslat10n
Here is the ink from the brother. name is Alim Hamza
Hier ist dor Link Bruder er heist Ahm Hamza






Hello, peace be upon you. Okay, that's fine, but I kindly ask that all five channels can be watched
completely
Selam alejkum Okay in Ordnung aber ich bitte Sie das man Alle Fünf Kanåle Vollståndig schauen
kann
A Automatlc translation
Ilone110gg
And I kindly ask you to try to include a button where each video can be downloaded individually, as if
downloading from YouTube, is that possible?




Selam alejkum Okay in Ordnung aber ich bitte Sie das man Alle Fünf Kanäle Vollständig schauen kann
Iranslate-tQ-ED41sh
Und ich bitte Sie versuchen Sie einen Button einzubauen wo man jedes Video einzeln Herunterladen
kann als worde man es aus Youtube Herunterladen geht das?
Translate to English
Ilone110g
You are a top team I am proud of because of your good work I am sure you will succeed, Inshallah






Inshallah, I hope so and I trust you :)
Inshallah ich hoffe es und Vertraue euch :)
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
Thank you for your work so far
Danke für Ihre Bishenge Arbeit
ZA Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
I just wanted to ask when I will receive the update of the new version exactly?






Thank you, and I wanted to ask, I have sent you the access data and the promotional videc Could
you please start setting up the campaign and creating the advertisement?
Danke dir und ich wollte fragen ich habe euch die Zigangsdaten und das Werbevjdeo geschickt
Konntet Ihr bitte schon beginnen mit der Kampagnen Einstellung und Erstellung der werbung
A Automatic translation
Ilone110gg
And I wanted to ask if we can already run advertisements and get users into the app, but say that
the full version of the app will come in a month, Inshallah, so I mean, write 'full version (Coming
Soon)'




So we could already gather and hold users before the app becomes paid in a month, so if they take
the IOOC package and want to pay, is that actually possible g g ?
But how would we do that, I mean, before we publish the app in the stores, we release it as an APK
via the website one month before it appears in the stores, but only the basic version, not the paid
one. The paid version will come a month later, as discussed, between September 1-4. Can we do
that? Can we already prepare such an APK file?